 In truth, the Anniversary Edition has made levelling Alchemy dead easy, something you can max out not long after leaving Helgen, just by doing a few preparations first.

    Head to Riverwood. Do Farengar's quest & grab him as a follower. Also, get at least 1 Fly Amanita from around the village.

    Get to Whiterun Stables & take carriage to Winterhold. Join the College.

    Take the free ingredients from the Hall of Countenance Alchemy lab; the important ingredients are at least 1 Dragon's Tongue & 1 Scaly Pholiota.

3a.) (Optional: Fast Travel to Whiterun Stables & take carriage to Solitude. Go to Katla's Farm, pick any vegetable & sell it to Katla. This allows you to borrow a horse.)

4) Return to Whiterun Stables. Follow the road West to Fort Greymoor then, by whatever means suit you, make your way to Gjukar's Monument or Rorikstead.

5) Head to Goldenhills Plantation, kill the ghost & do the quest to claim the estate. Grab a pickaxe from the house or grounds. Build the exterior planters.

Congratulations! You're now set for the Alchemy explosion!

6) Plant 1 each (& 1 only) of Dragon's Tongue, Fly Amanita & Scaly Pholiota. Sleep in house for 24 hours.

7) Gather 4 Dragon's Tongue, 4 Fly Amanita & 5 Scaly Pholiota. Clear the three used plots. Plant 4 Dragon's Tongue, 4 Fly Amanita & 3 Scaly Pholiota (three only! Leave the extra in a cupboard for now). Sleep in your house for another 24 hours.

8) Gather 16 Dragon's Tongue, 16 Fly Amanita & 15 Scaly Pholiota. Clear all used plots. Now, thanks to the planters you built, you can plant exactly 15 Dragon's Tongue, 15 Fly Amanita & 12 Scaly Pholiota only. (You'll have two extra soil plots that will be free.) Sleep 24 hours in your house. See the results.

You're basically done at this point. Now, every three in-game days, you'll have a harvest of 60 of each plant, allowing you to make 60 potions; there will also be a bit of surplus crops stored in a basement cupboard. If you collect and save four such harvests, then you should have enough to brute-force your way to Alchemy 100.

Now, I would offer a few suggestions. First, get as much Archery training as you can from Faendal; you can then trade with him and get all your good back. Once you hit Archery 50, go ahead and ask him to be the steward for Goldenhills; you won't need him any more, and you'll be able to ask him for the plantation's profits every few days. The important part is that you're levelling a combat skill, not just a crafting skill.

Second, remember to build up your Alchemy perks as you level, making your potions more valuable & the levelling quicker. Your goal should be to get the Green Thumb peek at 70, doubling how many ingredients you collect from non-planted sources.

Finally, there are many places to look up great potion combos. YouTube's MajorSlackAttack has a fantastic build for an Alchemy-centric character, as seen at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgF2ow7rcyA